Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2008 American monster film called 'Cloverfield'.
The film is directed by Matt Reeves, produced
by J. J. Abrams, and written by Drew Goddard.
The movie follows five young New Yorkers running
for their lives while battling giant monsters
and other lesser beasts in the streets of
the city while throwing a goodbye party.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
According to the DVD presentation, the footage
seen in the film is that retrieved by the
United States Department of Defense, and it
bears a disclaimer that details numerous Cloverfield-like
creatures appearing in the area 'previously
known as Central Park.'
On older video, Rob awakens at Beth's father's
New York City apartment to have a wonderful
day before setting out for Coney Island with
her. A few little pieces of this overwritten
video occasionally emerge throughout the film.
The gathering includes Jason's fiancée Lily
and Jason's brother, who are celebrating Rob's
new job in Japan. Hud shoots testimonials
for Rob as the celebration is in progress.
Rob's prior relationship with Beth causes
a new man to attend the party. Rob and Beth
quarrel over who her visitor would be, and
during this argument, Beth flees just as a
large earthquake strikes, creating a local
power outage. In the aftermath, the local
news reports a sunken oil ship in New York
Harbor.
After the guests leave, the head of the Statue
of Liberty is thrown onto the road in front
of them. One of Hud's entries recounts a gigantic
monster destroying the Woolworth Building
in downtown New York City. When the creature's
tail destroys the Brooklyn Bridge, many additional
people die. It appears like the 42nd Infantry
Division, a component of the Army National
Guard, is fighting the monster. It comes with
smaller parasitic organisms that try to harm
people and troops nearby. [a]
As Rob listens to the voicemail message from
Beth, who is locked in her apartment in the
Time Warner Center, he realises she is trapped
there and is unable to move. Rob, Hud, Lily,
and another party-goer, Marlena, travel into
Midtown Manhattan to rescue Beth, who is now
in a deserted section of the city. At 3:17
a.m., they are assaulted by parasitic beings
who rush into the subway, and find themselves
in a struggle with the monster. Marlena is
bitten by one of the monsters during the scuffle.
Bypassing the metro, the four make their way
to an underground mall, where she starts to
feel sick. They are captured by soldiers and
brought to a military base and medical clinic
located nearby. Marlena is bleeding from her
eyes in response to being bitten. She explodes
in a tent, which is why she is in this state.
Rob hopes to free Beth by influencing one
of the military commanders, but the result
is a trap that entraps them all. As he is
notified, the military's 'Hammer Down Protocol'
is triggered and the monster is killed.
Beth was impaled on exposed rebar when she
arrived at her apartment building after it
had been knocked down. When they reach the
Grand Central Terminal evacuation location,
they come face to face with the monster once
more. With only minutes to spare, Lily is
hurried aboard a Marine Corps chopper and
manages to escape. A few minutes later, Rob,
Beth, and Hud are evacuated by a second helicopter,
which also takes off in time to see the creature's
destruction. With the bombing, the creature
fell, and assuming victory, the participants
believed the task was over. In fact, the thing
continued to attack the helicopter in Central
Park, forcing it to crash.
Fifteen minutes after the radio device aboard
the wrecked helicopter warns of the Hammer
Down procedure, a voice announces the protocol's
beginning. The three companions come awake,
and one of them attempts to return to the
wreckage to grab the camera. They run into
the beast, who kills Hud. Beth and Rob pull
out the camera and duck under an arch, as
bombs start to drop. Beth and Rob each give
their final statement of the day. Rob's camera
is buried in rubble when the bridge falls.
Before another bomb detonates, both Rob and
Beth declare their love for each other. Then,
all of a sudden, the monster roars and they
both scream while holding on for dear life.
After the climax of Rob and Beth's journey
to Coney Island, the movie comes to a close.
While the surface of the water looks calm,
an inaudible yet tangible item falls into
the water. During the film's transition from
one scene to the next, Beth says, 'I had a
nice day.'
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.